the one cup of far almost all-purpose
flour and one
and
baking powder you may be a peach and
that salsa and I will mix the milk
together it's one cup of milk and meat
and we also add 1/4 teaspoon of baking
powder
and let's set for three minutes that's
it
so you take your shrimp you put it in
the butter okay and now you're going to
deep fry in that are that's around 350
degree it's going to be a beautiful
shrimp
so you didn't put too much power now we
are like an inch apart in that small
little part
they could really fully baby what's your
name
- I know chef Joe in action Joe from the
PDP making us this beautiful shrimp in
your shrimp tempura Michelle here we are
beautiful tempura shrimp with the sweet
chili sauce thank you for watching